README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Varan! 👋  
  
I'm Varanslash, a 14 year old programmer who's been coding and constantly learning for about three months. It's nice to meet you all!  
My pronouns: he/him  
  
My goal is to get to full-stack + systems design, so I'm learning as much as I can!  
  
## Interests  
- Low-level computing  
- Interpreters and language design  
- Game Design  
- Systems Design  
- Clever Programming Tricks
  
## Languages I Know  
- Python (Main)  
- Rust  
- Powershell  
- GBZ80 Assembly (just starting out)  
- ARMv8-a (just starting out)  
- MySQL  
- SQLite  
- SQL  
- HTML5  
- CSS3  
- Markdown  
  
## Tech Stack  
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,html,css,discord,github,md,mysql,powershell,py,rust,sqlite,vscode,windows)](https://skillicons.dev)  
  
## Current Projects  
- Kaleidoscope: A framework for creating programming languages  
- VarOS: A VM for a toy/hobby OS.  
  
## Projects You May Like  
- [Kaleidoscope](https://github.com/Varanslash/Kaleidoscope) -- Toolkit and hackable framework for language creation  
- [A-](https://github.com/Varanslash/A-) -- Custom language built off of Kaleidoscope  
- [Back On Mountain](https://github.com/Varanslash/Back-On-Mountain) -- GBC Game made in GB Studio  
- [Misc.](https://github.com/Varanslash/Misc.) -- A repository to show off my learning!  
- [VarOS](https://github.com/Varanslash/VarOS) -- A pseudo-OS coded in Rust, Powershell, Python, and SQL.  
  
## How to reach me  
📫 varanslash1@gmail.com  
  
## GitHub Stats  
![Varan's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Varanslash&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

Commit message:

Update project list in README.md

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Varan! 👋  
  
I'm Varanslash, a 14 year old programmer who's been coding and constantly learning for about three months. It's nice to meet you all!  
My pronouns: he/him  
  
My goal is to get to full-stack + systems design, so I'm learning as much as I can!  
  
## Interests  
- Low-level computing  
- Interpreters and language design  
- Game Design  
- Systems Design  
- Clever Programming Tricks
  
## Languages I Know  
- Python (Main)  
- Rust  
- Powershell  
- GBZ80 Assembly (just starting out)  
- ARMv8-a (just starting out)  
- MySQL  
- SQLite  
- SQL  
- HTML5  
- CSS3  
- Markdown  
  
## Tech Stack  
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,html,css,discord,github,md,mysql,powershell,py,rust,sqlite,vscode,windows)](https://skillicons.dev)  
  
## Current Projects  
- BaushaOS: A VM for a toy/hobby OS.  
  
## Projects You May Like  
- [Kaleidoscope](https://github.com/Varanslash/Kaleidoscope) -- Toolkit and hackable framework for language creation  
- [A-](https://github.com/Varanslash/A-) -- Custom language built off of Kaleidoscope  
- [Back On Mountain](https://github.com/Varanslash/Back-On-Mountain) -- GBC Game made in GB Studio  
- [Misc.](https://github.com/Varanslash/Misc.) -- A repository to show off my learning!  
- [BaushaOS](https://github.com/Varanslash/BaushaOS) -- An OS project that contains a Markov bot, a VM, a compiler, and much more.  
  
## How to reach me  
📫 varanslash1@gmail.com  
  
## GitHub Stats  
![Varan's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Varanslash&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
